README.md, before:

## Hellooooooooooooooo, I'm David Aduku 👋

## About Me
I am a computer science student at UAlbany with a passion for creating video games, building web applications and learning new technologies.
<!--
**DavidAAwesome/DavidAAwesome** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

## Projects
### [Computer Architecture Simulator](https://github.com/DavidAAwesome/Computer-Architecture-Simulator-in-Java)
Simulates a mini computer science architecture and assembler in java.

### [PlaceHolder](https://github.com/username/another-project-repo)
PlaceHolder.

## Skills
- Java
- C
- C#
- HTML
- CSS

## Education
- ICSI-201 Introduction to Computer Science
- ICSI-210 Discrete Structures
- ICSI-213 Data Structures
- ICSI-311 Principles of Programming Languages
- ICSI-333 System Fundamentals
- ICSI-401 Numerical Methods
- ICSI-403 Advance Analysis of Algorithms
- ICSI-404 Computer Architecture
- ICSI-412 Operating Systems

## Contact
- [Email](davidaduku562@gmail.com)
- [UAlbany Email](ddaduku@albany.edu)
- [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/david-aduku-47a249251/)

Commit message:

changed email to personal email and added 311 project

README.md, after:

## Hellooooooooooooooo, I'm David Aduku 👋

## About Me
I am a computer science student at UAlbany with a passion for creating video games, building web applications and learning new technologies.
<!--
**DavidAAwesome/DavidAAwesome** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

## Projects
### [Computer Architecture Simulator](https://github.com/DavidAAwesome/Computer-Architecture-Simulator-in-Java)
Simulates a mini computer science architecture and assembler in java.

### [Lexer, Parser, and Interpreter for BASIC Programming Language](https://github.com/DavidAAwesome/Lexer-Parser-and-Interpreter-for-BASIC_Programming-Language)
A working lexer, parser, and interpreter made for the BASIC programming language.

## Skills
- Java
- C
- C#
- Python
- HTML5
- CSS3
- Version Control

## Education
- ICSI-201 Introduction to Computer Science
- ICSI-210 Discrete Structures
- ICSI-213 Data Structures
- ICSI-311 Principles of Programming Languages
- ICSI-333 System Fundamentals
- ICSI-401 Numerical Methods
- ICSI-403 Advance Analysis of Algorithms
- ICSI-404 Computer Architecture
- ICSI-412 Operating Systems

## Contact
- [Personal Email](davidaduku562@gmail.com)
- [UAlbany Email](ddaduku@albany.edu)
- [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/david-aduku-47a249251/)
